!!! WHILE I KNOW ABOUT CODING I AM CERTAINLY NO EXPERT. I am an amateur coder who mostly does this just for fun and wanted to share the code I had on my own website to other people, so please forgive that some of the code in this is a bit janky, I did my best to include notes on everything. I've made a simple tutorial here https://youtu.be/37OvGZ3A6yU and I plan to make a better one later. This code assumes that you have at least some knowledge of coding, whether you've made your own site, or have some basic knowledge from editing toyhouse codes, or even if you used to edit your profile on deviantart back in the day. Putting it together is mostly simple stuff, just replacing things where the notes say to replace things, just like toyhouse codes. But it can be edited further if you know how to. You can DM me on twitter @Kitty_Manya or leave a comment on the unlisted video linked earlier if you need help, i will try my best to get to most people. You can also find me in the r/neocities discord server https://discord.gg/22Mq86mBwQ under the nickname 'professional mental villain' (not my actual discord username, just my nickname in server) where you can @ me there and I can dm you help on discord if twitter is too inconvienent. The server is also just very nice for beginners in general, I love it there, I'm advertising that shit for free !!!

This is a code created for people to use on their own websites, like neocities, nekoweb, or whatever you're hosting on. It is essentially a gallery for original characters, it includes tabs for different universes/stories within your ocs, and 2 templates for the ocs themselves akin to toyhou.se codes, one that's very simple/brief and one that's more complex for detailed ocs. Everything included is entirely functional as is and mostly just needs editing for your own personal touches/taste + adding characters, of course. But some features (like a back button if you have a whole website and not just this) aren't included.

Included in the code as well is a comment widget for people to leave comments on your ocs, i did not create this comment widget, instructions for setting it up and credit to the creator are on this website https://virtualobserver.moe/ayano/comment-widget though you can always simply remove the comment widget if you don't want it, or replace it with one of your choosing if you know how to. 

I plan to update this more as I update my own oc gallery on my page, which means eventually templates for stuff like worldbuilding will be available too, but for now this is just the base code intended only for ocs

ALSO AN IMPORTANT NOTE: I code using firefox, and i sometimes forget to test how things look on other browsers. If you use chrome there is a chance that some of it might look weird. I dont really know how to fix that, and I would suggest asking the neocities discord for help there
